Hi, this is me (Dustin) Welcome back in the smartest every day. So I'm in central California
The desert and the sun are sinking this beautiful, I will let you see it
You see, while this video is prepared for you, someone calls Jeff
Is the (taofledermaus) on YouTube which is a German word meaning and tattoos
A mammal. Anyway, he asked me if I wanted to participate in international cooperation
For high-speed video in efforts to upgrade a lot of small channels
Which taught things by high-speed cameras
So I will definitely do so. Well what a common theme
In the destruction of snacks, because we all can get a light meal and we all love
Destroying things was easy. My thinking went to me
Great I can only enjoy the high-speed camera and not worry about learning or learning anything
But I was wrong I learned something. That's what I'm going to do
I will show you the video that I and Tiffur Garry prepared
Try to destroy snacks and also I have learned something
So I hope you will learn with me. I'll see you just watch this
If he grew up in the South you would know what Zacko is 33
Well, Donut .. High Speed ​​Camera
Oooo flavored desserts
And arc
I'll make it settle down completely
By the way we have another camera here
On the bow. (Tifor) ready for divorce
We have decided that we will act on the Donuts side
Tevor will stop eating donuts
Mountain Dew
Here is a duo in your eyes
It was like a helicopter
What do you think we should call this video? (Tevor) Well this will be Mountain Spoil
gunshot
A slow shot
Do not worry I do not waste food
A little lead in it I think
Well now the part from which I learned something
Before I fired from a pistol on my 22 donuts
This fly started buzzing around the donuts and decided that it would be nice if you were patient
So that it is at the right depth in the field and will launch and launch the wave of explosion
Wari's wings spread through his wings
It is well cohesive. Well what he did was that an explosion wave came through his wings
He has bent himself a little bit but instead of compensation
He stopped and waited while he waited
It allows the center of its gravity to overcome the current of air on the pressure center
Then move to the side a bit then just do it
Restores control and then starts
All this happens in a moment, it was wonderful and it was amazing
In any case, they saw the shot and after you saw the shot I put a link
For the playlist for high-speed shared video you can see
Great things, I do not know how to use a knifel with one hand
Anyway, enjoy the video. I learned something